release: v1.0.0-rc.4 (#100)
lightelligence-io/react: CHANGELOG.md

- Chore: remove headline component
- Chore: upgrade styles package
- Chore: update package.json
- Chore: Upgrade to Styleguidist v10

#v1.0.0-rc.4
- Fix: upgrade to latest styles
- Feature: add color prop for link
- Chore: all components are now functional
- Chore: refactor RadioGroup (removed controls/Toggle)
- Chore: update documentation 

> - Chore: restructuring (moved Dropdown -> controls and InputList -> content, removed AVATAR constants)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chore: restructuring (moved Dropdown -> controls and InputList -> content)
- Chore: remove all constants (e.g. AVATAR_..., COLOR_..., FONT_...) 
- Fix: Card color prop now takes any color
- Chore: Paragraph now enforces formatting of type Content
```

- Chore: remove headline component
- Chore: upgrade styles package
- Chore: update package.json
- Chore: Upgrade to Styleguidist v10

#v1.0.0-rc.4
- Fix: upgrade to latest styles

> - Chore: all components are now functional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Feature: add color prop for link
- Chore: all components are now functional
- Chore: refactor RadioGroup (removed controls/Toggle)
- Chore: update documentation 
- Chore: restructuring (moved Dropdown -> controls and InputList -> content, removed AVATAR constants)
```
